acyqu01	Quincy Acy
adamsst01	Steven Adams
adrieje01	Jeff Adrien
afflaar01	Arron Afflalo
aldrico01	Cole Aldrich
aldrila01	LaMarcus Aldridge
allenla01	Lavoy Allen
allenra02	Ray Allen
allento01	Tony Allen
aminual01	AlFarouq Aminu
amundlo01	Louis Amundson
anderch01	Chris Andersen
anderal01	Alan Anderson
anderja01	James Anderson
anderry01	Ryan Anderson
antetgi01	Giannis Antetokounmpo
anthoca01	Carmelo Anthony
anthojo01	Joel Anthony
anticpe01	Pero Antic
arizatr01	Trevor Ariza
arthuda01	Darrell Arthur
asikom01	Omer Asik
augusdj01	DJ Augustin
ayongu01	Gustavo Ayon
pendeje02	Jeff Ayres
bareajo01	Jose Barea
bargnan01	Andrea Bargnani
barneha02	Harrison Barnes
barnema02	Matt Barnes
bartowi01	Will Barton
bassbr01	Brandon Bass
battish01	Shane Battier
batumni01	Nicolas Batum
bayleje01	Jerryd Bayless
baynear01	Aron Baynes
bazemke01	Kent Bazemore
bealbr01	Bradley Beal
beaslmi01	Michael Beasley
belinma01	Marco Belinelli
bennean01	Anthony Bennett
beverpa01	Patrick Beverley
biedran01	Andris Biedrins
billuch01	Chauncey Billups
biyombi01	Bismack Biyombo
blairde01	DeJuan Blair
blakest01	Steve Blake
blatcan01	Andray Blatche
bledser01	Eric Bledsoe
boganke01	Keith Bogans
bogutan01	Andrew Bogut
bonnema01	Matt Bonner
booketr01	Trevor Booker
boozeca01	Carlos Boozer
boshch01	Chris Bosh
bradlav01	Avery Bradley
brandel01	Elton Brand
breweco01	Corey Brewer
brewero02	Ronnie Brewer
brookaa01	Aaron Brooks
brookma01	MarShon Brooks
brownlo01	Lorenzo Brown
bullore01	Reggie Bullock
burketr01	Trey Burke
burksal01	Alec Burks
butleca01	Caron Butler
butleji01	Jimmy Butler
butlera01	Rasual Butler
buyckdw01	Dwight Buycks
bynuman01	Andrew Bynum
bynumwi01	Will Bynum
calatni01	Nick Calathes
caldejo01	Jose Calderon
caldwke01	Kentavious CaldwellPope
carrode01	DeMarre Carroll
cartevi01	Vince Carter
cartemi01	Michael CarterWilliams
casspom01	Omri Casspi
chalmma01	Mario Chalmers
chandty01	Tyson Chandler
chandwi01	Wilson Chandler
childjo01	Josh Childress
chrisdi01	Dionte Christmas
clarkea01	Earl Clark
clarkia01	Ian Clark
clavevi01	Victor Claver
coleno01	Norris Cole
collida01	Darren Collison
collini01	Nick Collison
conlemi01	Mike Conley
copelch01	Chris Copeland
couside01	DeMarcus Cousins
crabbal01	Allen Crabbe
crawfja01	Jamal Crawford
crawfjo02	Jordan Crawford
crowdja01	Jae Crowder
cunnida01	Dante Cunningham
cunnija01	Jared Cunningham
curryst01	Stephen Curry
dalemsa01	Samuel Dalembert
datomlu01	Luigi Datome
daviebr01	Brandon Davies
davisan02	Anthony Davis
davised01	Ed Davis
davisgl01	Glen Davis
dayeau01	Austin Daye
decolna01	Nando DeColo
dedmode01	Dewayne Dedmon
dellama01	Matthew Dellavedova
denglu01	Luol Deng
derozde01	DeMar DeRozan
diawbo01	Boris Diaw
dienggo01	Gorgui Dieng
douglto01	Toney Douglas
dragigo01	Goran Dragic
drumman01	Andre Drummond
dudleja01	Jared Dudley
duncati01	Tim Duncan
dunlemi02	Mike Dunleavy
duranke01	Kevin Durant
ellinwa01	Wayne Ellington
ellismo01	Monta Ellis
evansje01	Jeremy Evans
evansre01	Reggie Evans
evansty01	Tyreke Evans
farieke01	Kenneth Faried
farmajo01	Jordan Farmar
favervi01	Vitor Faverani
favorde01	Derrick Favors
felixca01	Carrick Felix
feltora01	Raymond Felton
fieldla01	Landry Fields
fishede01	Derek Fisher
fournev01	Evan Fournier
foyera01	Randy Foye
frankja01	Jamaal Franklin
fredeji01	Jimmer Fredette
freeljo01	Joel Freeland
fryech01	Channing Frye
garcifr01	Francisco Garcia
garneke01	Kevin Garnett
garredi02	Diante Garrett
gasolma01	Marc Gasol
gasolpa01	Pau Gasol
gayru01	Rudy Gay
geeal01	Alonzo Gee
georgpa01	Paul George
gibsota01	Taj Gibson
ginobma01	Manu Ginobili
goberru01	Rudy Gobert
gomesry01	Ryan Gomes
goodwar01	Archie Goodwin
gordobe01	Ben Gordon
gordoer01	Eric Gordon
gortama01	Marcin Gortat
grayaa01	Aaron Gray
greenda02	Danny Green
greendr01	Draymond Green
greenge01	Gerald Green
greenje02	Jeff Green
greenwi01	Willie Green
griffbl01	Blake Griffin
hamiljo02	Jordan Hamilton
hansbty01	Tyler Hansbrough
hardati02	Tim Hardaway
hardeja01	James Harden
harklma01	Maurice Harkless
harrejo01	Josh Harrellson
harrial01	Al Harrington
harriel01	Elias Harris
harrimi01	Mike Harris
harrito02	Tobias Harris
hasleud01	Udonis Haslem
hawessp01	Spencer Hawes
hayesch01	Chuck Hayes
haywago01	Gordon Hayward
hendege02	Gerald Henderson
henryxa01	Xavier Henry
hensojo01	John Henson
hibbero01	Roy Hibbert
hicksjj01	JJ Hickson
hilarne01	Nene Hilario
hillge01	George Hill
hilljo01	Jordan Hill
hillso01	Solomon Hill
hinriki01	Kirk Hinrich
holidjr01	Jrue Holiday
holliry01	Ryan Hollins
horfoal01	Al Horford
howardw01	Dwight Howard
hummero01	Robbie Hummel
humphkr01	Kris Humphries
ibakase01	Serge Ibaka
iguodan01	Andre Iguodala
ilyaser01	Ersan Ilyasova
irvinky01	Kyrie Irving
jackja01	Jarrett Jack
jacksre01	Reggie Jackson
jamesbe01	Bernard James
jamesle01	LeBron James
jamesmi01	Mike James
jamisan01	Antawn Jamison
jeffeal01	Al Jefferson
jefferi01	Richard Jefferson
jenkijo01	John Jenkins
jennibr01	Brandon Jennings
jerebjo01	Jonas Jerebko
johnsam01	Amir Johnson
johnsjo02	Joe Johnson
johnsor01	Orlando Johnson
johnswe01	Wesley Johnson
jonesja02	James Jones
jonespe01	Perry Jones
jonesso01	Solomon Jones
joneste01	Terrence Jones
jordade01	DeAndre Jordan
josepco01	Cory Joseph
kamanch01	Chris Kaman
kanteen01	Enes Kanter
karasse01	Sergey Karasev
kellyry01	Ryan Kelly
kiddgmi01	Michael KiddGilchrist
kirilan01	Andrei Kirilenko
knighbr03	Brandon Knight
korveky01	Kyle Korver
koufoko01	Kosta Koufos
kravtvi01	Viacheslav Kravtsov
kuzmiog01	Ognjen Kuzmic
lambdo01	Doron Lamb
lambje01	Jeremy Lamb
larkish01	Shane Larkin
lawsoty01	Ty Lawson
ledori01	Ricky Ledo
leeco01	Courtney Lee
leeda02	David Lee
lenal01	Alex Len
leonaka01	Kawhi Leonard
leoname01	Meyers Leonard
leuerjo01	Jon Leuer
lewisra02	Rashard Lewis
lillada01	Damian Lillard
linje01	Jeremy Lin
livinsh01	Shaun Livingston
lopezbr01	Brook Lopez
lopezro01	Robin Lopez
loveke01	Kevin Love
lowryky01	Kyle Lowry
lucasjo02	John Lucas
macksh01	Shelvin Mack
mahinia01	Ian Mahinmi
mariosh01	Shawn Marion
martica01	Cartier Martin
martike01	Kenyon Martin
martike01	Kevin Martin
masonro01	Roger Mason
matthwe02	Wesley Matthews
maxieja01	Jason Maxiell
maynoer01	Eric Maynor
mayooj01	OJ Mayo
mbahalu01	Luc MbahaMoute
mcgeeja01	JaVale McGee
mclembe01	Ben McLemore
mcrobjo01	Josh McRoberts
meeksjo01	Jodie Meeks
mekelga01	Gal Mekel
middlkh01	Khris Middleton
milescj01	CJ Miles
millean02	Andre Miller
millemi01	Mike Miller
millequ01	Quincy Miller
millspa01	Patrick Mills
millspa01	Paul Millsap
mitchto02	Tony Mitchell
mohamna01	Nazr Mohammed
monrogr01	Greg Monroe
mooreet01	ETwaun Moore
morrida01	Darius Morris
morrima03	Marcus Morris
morrima02	Markieff Morris
morroan01	Anthony Morrow
motiedo01	Donatas Motiejunas
mozgoti01	Timofey Mozgov
muhamsh01	Shabazz Muhammad
mulleby01	Byron Mullens
murpher01	Erik Murphy
murryto01	Toure Murry
ndiayha01	Hamady NDiaye
nashst01	Steve Nash
nealga01	Gary Neal
nedovne01	Nemanja Nedovic
nelsoja01	Jameer Nelson
nichoan01	Andrew Nicholson
noahjo01	Joakim Noah
novakst01	Steve Novak
nowitdi01	Dirk Nowitzki
onealje01	Jermaine ONeal
oquinky01	Kyle OQuinn
oladivi01	Victor Oladipo
olynyke01	Kelly Olynyk
onuakar01	Arinze Onuaku
ortonda01	Daniel Orton
outlatr01	Travis Outlaw
pachuza01	Zaza Pachulia
pargoja01	Jannero Pargo
parketo01	Tony Parker
parsoch01	Chandler Parsons
pattepa01	Patrick Patterson
paulch01	Chris Paul
pekovni01	Nikola Pekovic
perkike01	Kendrick Perkins
piercpa01	Paul Pierce
plumlma01	Mason Plumlee
plumlmi01	Miles Plumlee
pondequ01	Quincy Pondexter
pressph01	Phil Pressey
priceaj01	AJ Price
pricero01	Ronnie Price
prigipa01	Pablo Prigioni
princta01	Tayshaun Prince
radulmi01	Miroslav Raduljica
randoan01	Anthony Randolph
randoza01	Zach Randolph
redicjj01	JJ Redick
ricegl02	Glen Rice
ridnolu01	Luke Ridnour
riverau01	Austin Rivers
roberan03	Andre Roberson
roberbr01	Brian Roberts
robinna01	Nate Robinson
robinth01	Thomas Robinson
rosede01	Derrick Rose
rosste01	Terrence Ross
rubiori01	Ricky Rubio
rushbr01	Brandon Rush
sacrero01	Robert Sacre
salmojo01	John Salmons
sandela01	Larry Sanders
schrode01	Dennis Schroeder
scolalu01	Luis Scola
scottmi01	Mike Scott
sefolth01	Thabo Sefolosha
serapke01	Kevin Seraphin
sessira01	Ramon Sessions
shengto01	Tornike Shengelia
shumpim01	Iman Shumpert
shvedal01	Alexey Shved
simshe01	Henry Sims
singlky01	Kyle Singler
singlch01	Chris Singleton
sivape01	Peyton Siva
sloando01	Donald Sloan
smithgr02	Greg Smith
smithis01	Ishmael Smith
smithjr01	JR Smith
smithja02	Jason Smith
smithjo03	Josh Smith
snellto01	Tony Snell
southja01	James Southerland
speigma01	Marreese Speights
splitti01	Tiago Splitter
stephla01	Lance Stephenson
stiemgr01	Greg Stiemsma
stoneju01	Julyan Stone
stoudam01	Amare Stoudemire
stuckro01	Rodney Stuckey
sullija01	Jared Sullinger
tayloje03	Jeff Taylor
tayloty01	Tyshawn Taylor
teaguje01	Jeff Teague
teaguma01	Marquis Teague
teletmi01	Mirza Teletovic
templga01	Garrett Temple
terryja01	Jason Terry
thabeha01	Hasheem Thabeet
thomais02	Isaiah Thomas
thomala01	Lance Thomas
thompho01	Hollis Thompson
thompja02	Jason Thompson
thompkl01	Klay Thompson
thomptr01	Tristan Thompson
thornma01	Marcus Thornton
tinslja01	Jamaal Tinsley
tollian01	Anthony Tolliver
tuckepj01	PJ Tucker
turiaro01	Ronny Turiaf
turneev01	Evan Turner
udohek01	Ekpe Udoh
udrihbe01	Beno Udrih
valanjo01	Jonas Valanciunas
varejan01	Anderson Varejao
vasqugr01	Greivis Vasquez
veselja01	Jan Vesely
villach01	Charlie Villanueva
vucevni01	Nikola Vucevic
wadedw01	Dwyane Wade
waitedi01	Dion Waiters
walkeke02	Kemba Walker
walljo01	John Wall
wallage01	Gerald Wallace
watsocj01	CJ Watson
watsoea01	Earl Watson
webstma02	Martell Webster
westda01	David West
westbru01	Russell Westbrook
willide01	Deron Williams
willide01	Derrick Williams
williel01	Elliot Williams
willilo02	Louis Williams
willima01	Marvin Williams
willima01	Mo Williams
willish03	Shawne Williams
witheje01	Jeff Withey
woltena01	Nate Wolters
artesro01	Metta WorldPeace
wrighdo01	Dorell Wright
wroteto01	Tony Wroten
youngni01	Nick Young
youngth01	Thaddeus Young
zelleco01	Cody Zeller
zellety01	Tyler Zeller